 (upbeat music)
 Welcome to the Vergecast, the flagship podcast
 of anti-glare coatings.
 I'm your friend David Pierce and I am doing my taxes.
 It's that time of year, my friends,
 the one time a year I need a printer,
 mine is currently broken, and suddenly I have to pretend
 that I understand a lot more than I actually do
 about like complicated financial documents.
 And honestly, most of all, this is the time of year
 that I most wish I were more organized
 during the rest of the year.
 So that this wasn't such a painful process.
 I have this like beautiful filing system
 that I never touch until right about now.
 And then I regret all of my life choices
 over the past 12 months.
 But I don't really see that dynamic changing anytime soon.
 So here we are.
 Anyway, we have an awesome show for you today,
 but some quick housekeeping stuff before we get to that.
 First thing you'll notice, it's Tuesday
 and this episode is publishing.
 We are from now on going to be publishing
 the Vergecast on Tuesdays and Fridays.
 There are a bunch of reasons for that,
 but mostly it just lets us cover more stuff more quickly.
 When we had to wait until Wednesdays,
 it felt like we were doing a show
 and then really quickly doing another show
 and then not doing a show for a bunch of days.
 So this just kind of evenly spaces
 the Vergecast a little better.
 It'll let us be more on top of the news.
 It'll let us do all kinds of stories.
 And it won't, you know,
 bunch our episodes quite so much in your feed.
 Hope it's going to be great.
 Hope it doesn't screw up any of your routines.
 Please let us know what you think.
 Also, we are going to start having a full post
 on the Verge.com with all of our show notes,
 a whole bunch of links,
 lots of information about every single episode.
 We've heard all of you asking for better show notes
 and more links to stuff you can read about
 that we talk on the show.
 So we're just going to start doing that.
 At the Verge.com/ Vergecast,
 you'll be able to find all of that
 every single time we publish an episode.
 That's a great place to leave comments.
 Tell us what you think of the episode.
 We're going to try to do a good job
 of being in the comments and talking to you
 and we want to hear all the dumb things we say
 and all the times that you agree with me and not Nili.
 Put it in the comments, tell us everything.
 We have lots more changes coming soon,
 actually, especially on YouTube.
 So stay tuned.
 The Vergecast as a thing is not changing, so don't worry.
 But we have little ways we think we can do everything
 a little better and make it all more fun to watch
 and listen to and download and all that good stuff.
 So lots more coming, stay tuned.
 All right, enough for that.
 Let's get to the show.
 The first thing we're going to do today
 is we're going to talk to Josh Miller,
 who is the CEO of a startup called the browser company,
 which is trying to basically nothing short
 of reinvent the web browser and do some big AI stuff
 and generally maybe change the internet forever.
 That all sounds big and ambitious,
 but it is big and ambitious and it's fascinating.
 Then we're going to dig into all things Galaxy S24
 with Alice in Johnson because it's only February
 and we might have already seen the most important
 Android phone of the year.
 All of that is coming up in just a second,
 but first I have to go finish this one thing
 on this tax form, which is literally a form
 I've never heard of before.
 Hopefully this only takes a minute.
 This is the first cast, we'll be right back.
 - Hi, we're Visible, ringing in 2024
 with a two years resolution to help you save on wireless.
 Get one line with unlimited 5G data on Verizon's network,
 just $20 a month for 24 whole months
 with no annual contracts.
 That's 20 for 24 in 2024.
 Yep, we're pretty proud of that.
 Your gym goals, you're on your own.
 A two years resolution to save on wireless, we got you.
 Switch and save at Visible.com.
 Use code Visible24.
 Hurry, ends January 31st.
 New members only, promotional rate with service
 on the Visible plan.
 For additional terms and network management practices,
 see Visible.com.
 - Wow, that guy means business.
 - Just an amazing player.
 - No, not him, the sports photographer behind him.
 - What?
 - He has a business bank account with QuickBooks Money
 where he earns 5% annual percentage yields.
 So he's scoring big on and off the field.
 You might even say he's the MVB.
 - MVB?
 - The most valuable business.
 - Making your money work harder.
 That's how you business differently.
 Into it, QuickBooks.
 Banking services provided by Green Dot Bank.
 Member FDIC, Only Funds and Envelopes or an APY.
 APY can change at any time.
 - Welcome back.
 Over the last couple of years,
 this browser called Arc has become super popular.
 It's available on Mac and iOS.
 It's coming to Windows soon.
 People are super into it, which is weird, honestly.
 I mean, when was the last time people got excited
 about a web browser?
 The new Netscape Power and ease of use.
 It's free at Netscape.com.
 - But Arc has some cool, unusual ideas
 about how browsers should work.
 And it's just so much nicer to use than Chrome or Edge.
 It's just caught on for a lot of people as a result.
 Last week, the browser company, which is the company
 that makes Arc, released a new mobile app called ArcSearch.
 It's a mobile browser and a pretty good one,
 but it's way more than that.
 It's also an AI tool called BrowseForMe
 that is like a combination of search engine,
 AI chatbot, web page maker, and a bunch of other things.
 It's confusing to explain and frankly, kind of hard.
 So let me just give you an example.
 Let's see, the Grammy is worth the other day.
 So I go into ArcSearch on my phone
 and I say, what happened at the Grammys on Sunday?
 And then I type that in
 and then I hit BrowseForMe in Arc.
 And it takes a second.
 It says it's reading six web pages,
 CBS News, New York Times, stuff like that.
 And then it pops up this page
 that says highlights of the 2024 Grammy Awards.
 This is a completely AI generated web page.
 It has a bunch of things at the top, like Killer Mike,
 the rapper was arrested, Taylor Swift won her fourth album
 of the year award, Women Dominated.
 There was a physical altercation, apparently.
 It just says that at the top.
 And then it has some search results
 and then it has more information about Killer Mike
 being arrested, more information about Taylor Swift's wins,
 more notable wins, including Tracy Chapman,
 who didn't win, but performed a duet.
 This is the thing about AI, right?
 None of this is perfect.
 But anyway, it's this big long list of information
 and links and media and videos to watch
 that is all completely AI generated.
 It is building a web page for me every single time I search.
 It's neat and it doesn't always work, as you can see.
 And it's weird, like a lot of AI stuff is weird,
 but it also points at something really big
 about how the internet is changing.
 What does it mean for the web
 that I can just get information like this?
 Arc is essentially just googling for me, which is handy,
 but it kind of changes the whole dynamic of the internet.
 So I grabbed Josh Miller, the browser company's CEO,
 to talk all of that through.
 What Arc wants to be, how it's gonna break the web apart
 and lots more.
 I've been talking to Josh for years.
 I find Arc really fascinating, honestly.
 And he's always had these really big ideas
 about what a browser could be
 and also why he thinks the browser
 is worth building in the first place.
 And if you rewind four or five years ago,
 we're in this age back then,
 where a couple of operating systems rule the world, right?
 Android, iOS, Windows, Mac.
 You wanna do anything interesting,
 you have to reckon with those OSs.
 And they are the ones that have the real control
 over how things work.
 But Josh had this inkling at the time that the web
 and specifically web-based apps were making a comeback.
 Figma, Notion, Slack, even Discord,
 these are all just secretly web apps running
 and web browsers pretending they're not web browsers.
 And so the foundational observation of the browser company
 was, oh my goodness, the next operating system
 is right in front of our eyes.
 It's gonna look more like a web browser.
 It's gonna be a web browser designed for the web
 because essentially, to use a Wall Street term,
 the cloud is underestimated
 and the shift to the cloud is underestimated.
 It is a fundamental shift that we take for granted
 that all of the things in our life related technology
 are actually not in our lives anymore.
 They're out on a server or many servers somewhere.
 And so the bet of the browser company was,
 if you reimagine the interface to those things,
 to the internet, that would effectively become
 the most important operating system in our lives.
 And to be totally self-aware,
 that was kind of all we had at the time.
 So that's the frame here, right?
 The web is the thing.
 It's as if the App Store was already around in 2004,
 2005 or whatever, and Apple went, huh,
 somebody should build an iPhone to run all these things.
 That might be cool.
 It's exactly backwards in the most interesting way.
 That's ARK's big plan.
 And now with AI, ARK can do that more and bigger and faster,
 but what is it trying to do?
 And is what it's trying to do,
 what we want both as users and people on the internet?
 So that's where Josh and I really got into it.
 I asked him, you've been shouting all this nonsense
 about web browsers for years now.
 And this new app, ARK Search, feels like the closest thing yet
 to getting to that idea about what an operating system
 can do to the web.
 So does this feel like you've finished,
 like you've done the thing?
 - The first thing I'll say is now I know you thought
 I was spewing nonsense for these past few years
 that we've been friends.
 - Listen, we're all spewing nonsense most of the time.
 It's okay. - We're all spewing nonsense.
 That's true.
 - Some people don't tell you when you're younger.
 Yes, but not for reasons you may think.
 The reason that this new iPhone app, ARK Search,
 feels like the truest representation
 of what we've been saying for many years,
 my dad has this phrase that he told me
 way too many times growing up,
 which is disregard the words.
 And the idea of this phrase is that we add these labels
 to things, these nouns, and they gain all this cultural
 meeting to the point where we almost forget
 that they were made up.
 They don't actually mean it.
 They don't represent the natural law.
 And what we've been saying from the beginning,
 and the reason that we use these phrases,
 the internet computer, and operating system for the web,
 as imperfect as they were and as ambiguous as they were,
 is that we were trying to say is that if you approach
 software and interface it to the internet
 from a human perspective, what does David need to do today?
 What does David's wife have to get done today?
 Why are they turning to their computer?
 And you work backwards from that,
 you probably don't need a thing called a web browser,
 or a search engine, or a web page,
 'cause those are random nouns that were invented 25 years ago.
 The reason that ARK Search represents
 in its purest form to date, our big idea,
 is that it's something different.
 It's something new.
 It's kind of hard to put a label on it.
 You struggled with it in your review.
 Is it a browser?
 Is it a search engine?
 Is it AI?
 Is it something else?
 And that makes me really excited,
 because that is what we were trying to do.
 We were trying to start with,
 what does David need to do when he's at the restaurant
 with a bunch of friends and they have a random question
 about something that comes up in conversation?
 Find the answer to that as quickly as possible,
 and we should employ whatever tools and nouns
 and technologies we need to do that as quickly as possible.
 And yeah, turns out, ends up looking a little different
 than web browsers of 25 years ago
 and search engines of 25 years ago
 and web pages of yesteryear.
 So that's what makes me so excited about ARK searches.
 It's a reminder to ourselves and everybody that,
 hey, we can invent new nouns.
 And in fact, if those new nouns are invented
 to solve problems and realize goals that we have,
 they might even be better than the old nouns.
 That's why I'm so excited about it.
 One of our principles has always been
 the idea of a general-purposed web browser is deeply flawed.
 - So you just brought up a bunch of things
 that I want to talk about,
 but we've started to talk about the internet
 in a really different way than we used to,
 where I think you could make the case
 that we got the internet that we got,
 which I think by and large is a good version of the internet
 based on this overall value exchange
 that everyone agreed on, right?
 Like Google came up because Google made a bet
 that what was good for the web would also be good for Google
 and set itself up as a company that worked that way
 and it worked that way for a really long time
 and it went super well for Google
 and I think largely went well for the internet.
 Facebook built on some of the same premises, right?
 There's this idea that I as a person on the internet
 and going to get value out of something,
 the people who make the tools that I use
 are also going to get value,
 that like everywhere along the way,
 if we can all find win-wins,
 it's going to make the internet better.
 And I think with the advent of AI,
 what it has come to is okay, the internet exists.
 It is now a thing to be mined for your benefit.
 And I think that the people who are mad at OpenAI
 and chat GPT and the New York Times suing
 over the training data, there's this idea that like,
 well, we made things and you used to take those things
 but you would deliver value back to us.
 And now you're just taking them
 because the idea is that the internet is just out there
 and everything that's out there is out there
 and you can just have it.
 And I think one of the things
 that I thought was really interesting about ARK search
 is not only are you doing the LLM stuff,
 which I think is interesting we should talk about,
 but you're also, you're blocking ads by default,
 you're blocking trackers by default,
 you're blocking the cookie pop-ups by default.
 That's a big series of, I would say,
 potentially user-centric and maybe internet-hostile
 set of things to do.
 You rely on the internet to work,
 but you also are sort of tacitly agreeing
 that the way the internet works doesn't really work.
 Like, how do you do both of those at the same time?
 - I think if you look back at maybe what some people would say
 were the glory times for the early web,
 when as you're alluding to,
 maybe the incentives were better aligned
 and the value exchange was better aligned.
 I personally remember Craig's list
 decimating the business models
 of the offline media companies
 and especially in newspapers because of their innovations.
 At this moment in time,
 when we're talking about the value exchange being great,
 I actually remember a lot of second-order negative
 externalities that came from the web at this glorious moment.
 - Yeah, that's a good point.
 - My belief is that having worked at Facebook
 after selling my first company there
 is that anything that transforms our world,
 again, sociology major,
 has very positive things that happen
 and has very negative things that happen, right?
 Airbnb is one of my favorite products and experiences.
 It's ruining a lot of cities.
 The same is true for almost everything that changes
 how we live our lives.
 As it relates to LLMs and AI
 and what you're alluding to in terms of
 its relationship to the exchange of value,
 I think the same is true here.
 I think it is absolutely true that ARK search
 and the fact that we remove the clutter and BS
 and make you faster and get you what you need
 with a lot less time is objectively good
 for the vast majority of people
 and it is also true, it breaks something.
 It breaks a bit of the value exchange
 and not just ARK search, but all of these tools.
 It's at one level higher than ARK search or chat GBT.
 We are grappling with a revolution
 in how software works and computers work
 and that's gonna mess some stuff up
 and I totally agree with the premise of the question
 which is, hey, someone's breaking
 and it's really gonna break soon, I 100% agree.
 So I think the answer is,
 I think it will do more positive than negative
 and I think it's kind of unbelievable
 how much of humanity's time has been wasted
 by how atrocious the mobile web is
 in support of the search ad business model
 and we gotta figure out a better way to get content creators
 and publishers paid because it's not gonna work
 and it's not been working
 and it's not been working since Craigslist.
 So that is definitely a challenge for us all to grapple with.
 - I do think the one difference
 and I don't wanna dwell on philosophies of AI
 but I think the one difference between the Craigslist example
 which is a really good one and this is that
 Craigslist built a better product
 than all of those things and I think what we're learning
 about the media industry in particular
 is that the media industry spent a long time building
 really crappy products and got eaten alive by better products.
 That just is what it is
 and the next reckoning is going to be like,
 what does it look like for a media company to build product?
 It's a thing we talk about all the time at the Verge.
 It's like why we did the redesign of our website,
 the way we did it's like, as we think about all of our future,
 it's as much about product as it is about anything else
 and the difference between that and what's happening now
 is that what's happening now with a lot of LLMs,
 one way to look at it is it's as if Craigslist had taken
 all of the classifieds out of all of the existing newspapers
 and just posted them on the internet
 and I think people would be like,
 well, that's not a better product,
 that's you stealing from me and repackaging it in a new way
 and I think that would have been a very different version
 of the conversation.
 And again, I think there is a lot of like
 society-wide reckoning to do about AI.
 There are a lot of people who are like,
 well, the upside is so high that it's worth the investment
 of all of our stuff into it
 because we'll get more utility out of it.
 But I just think like that fundamental question
 I don't think has precedent on the internet
 because it's just never worked like this before
 and I don't think we have answers to it,
 which is gonna be fascinating.
 And now you're right in the middle of it.
 So congratulations.
 - It's really exciting to think about
 from a media company perspective,
 what is the superior product?
 What is that next evolution of media?
 And what I would say is candidly,
 I have a deeper relationship with the verge
 than I ever have before.
 I've been reading the verge for over a decade now.
 I have never spent that much time
 and had that much depth with your publication.
 Now, I'm not saying that the economic incentives
 of your ad model with podcasts are working out,
 but that's all to say that in the same way
 that ARK can rethink our interface to the internet
 in a new way, thanks to this technology,
 I think the answer probably lies
 in the media industry and media companies
 rethinking what they do as well.
 - Sure, and I will say to your credit,
 one thing you have said to me many times over the years
 is that there is a big phase of this for ARK
 that is figuring out how to be a good citizen
 of all of those things.
 - You see this in ARK Search, by the way,
 which is here's what we could have done.
 You could have typed in a question to ARK Search
 and we could have answered it
 and given ourselves all of the credit, right?
 Look at how smart ARK is.
 It's the smartest thing that ever existed.
 In fact, what we do is we say extremely prominently.
 We actually don't even let you do anything else
 until you read the fact that,
 hey, we are your browser.
 We are gonna go read these six websites,
 these six websites,
 and then we are gonna summarize a little bit
 about what each of those said.
 And then we're gonna link to all of them.
 We're gonna link to them multiple times.
 We're even gonna verify a pull quote from them.
 And so I think, again, this change is inevitable.
 I think it's good for most people.
 I do think they're second-order externalities.
 I think it is the responsibility of folks like us
 to do our best with the role that we have
 to be good citizens.
 And that's what we try to do here,
 relative to other competing products,
 which I shouldn't name because I got PR training.
 But I don't think it's enough.
 And I think the answer to this question
 is one level higher than the browser company
 or verge or anyone else,
 but it is absolutely something we need to grapple with.
 - So I'm glad you brought up the UX of it all
 because I think how is an AI tool supposed to look
 is my favorite question in the world right now.
 And I think people on this podcast are tired
 of hearing me rant about it.
 But the one thing I believe for sure
 is that a text box is not the future of the internet.
 But I'm curious, the one thing I know
 about the browser companies,
 you spend a lot of time prototyping,
 you spend a lot of time experimenting and building stuff.
 And you landed on ARK search the way it is,
 which is an interesting mix of kind of
 what I would call like, there's media stuff at the top
 and then there's kind of a like bulleted summary.
 And then there's a bunch of links
 and then there's more summary
 and then there's more links.
 Is that a fair description of the situation?
 - The two things that you're missing
 that I'm especially proud of is we embed YouTube videos.
 - True.
 - So you can watch videos in line.
 And then we embed verified quotes
 where we pull a quote from one of the otter calls
 and then we use AI and we say,
 hey AI, you actually make stuff up a lot.
 So do us a favor, this pull quote you told us you pulled?
 Just go double check to make sure it's actually there.
 And then if it is, then we say,
 hey, this quote's verified, we can show it.
 So those are two other interface innovations
 I'm especially proud of.
 - Okay.
 So of all of the things you tried and thought about
 and played with, why did that feel like the right setup?
 I think we're still in this phase again
 of there are a million ways AI can present itself to you.
 Most of them right now are chatbots.
 What about this one stuck out to you
 as feeling right for our search?
 - So as you mentioned, we prototype a lot.
 So we tried 50 variations of that experience
 before we landed on the exact one you see in our search today.
 And in fact, down to the tiniest details,
 like do we show emojis as bullet points
 or do we just show bullet points?
 - You landed on emojis, which was the right call by the way.
 - Thank you, thank you.
 I take no credit for it, shout out to Nate.
 The way that we landed on it is I agree with what you said,
 which is why does everyone think text boxes
 are like the future?
 There's gotta be something better.
 But I think the way that we approached it was not,
 you know, hey, should it be this or should it be that?
 We really try to approach it as,
 hey, let's write down throughout the week.
 What are the things we look up on the go on our phone?
 Just quickly make a note of it.
 And then let's go through all that stuff
 that we turned to our computer in our pocket
 and our internet for on the go.
 What are the commonalities?
 What are the sort of things we wonder about?
 Okay, great.
 It looks like I'm really bad at cooking.
 And at the age of 33, I still don't know how to make couscous.
 That's problematic for a bunch of reasons,
 but if I need to know how to make couscous
 and I've got one hand 'cause my other hand is dirty
 and water is boiling and I got other stuff to do,
 what is the fastest way we can get you the information
 for that job to be done and the others?
 And what you end up finding is it's not just a wall of text,
 it's not just photos, it's not just video,
 it's sort of a mixture of things,
 but it's all grounded and not,
 hey, let's go make a product that is a webpage
 or a text box or a photo gallery.
 But we really tried it to ground it in,
 what are you turning to this rectangle
 in your pocket for every day?
 And how can we craft a dynamic interface
 that as best as possible tries to shape shift itself
 to answer exactly what you want?
 So what you'll notice is if you ask ArcSearch
 for how to cook couscous,
 you're actually gonna get back a very different experience
 than if you asked it, what is the meaning of life,
 for example? - Sure.
 It's very telling to me
 that the phone was the centerpiece of that
 'cause one of the things I was gonna ask you
 is does this same paradigm make sense
 on a desktop browser?
 And I almost don't think that it does.
 One of the things you've always said to me,
 which I think I mostly agree with
 is that most people don't wanna use technology.
 They have a thing they'd like to get done
 and they use technology in service of that.
 They're not just like goofing around on their phone.
 They mostly have like a thing they'd like to do
 and so your job is to help them do it faster.
 And I think if that's how you think about it,
 the way you put ArcSearch together makes a lot of sense.
 But in a world of like I am just sitting here
 and I wanna like learn as much about Machu Picchu as I can.
 The idea of delivering me what ArcSearch is,
 which is sort of like a finished product thing,
 makes a lot less sense,
 but that's also not what people do on their phone.
 So like does this feel like a sort of truly mobile centric
 and even maybe mobile specific way of solving this problem?
 - So three things.
 The first is you're absolutely right
 that which device you're on will radically change
 what it should and will look like in Arc.
 And so the sort of questions you're wondering at the bar
 when you're talking to your friend are different
 than when you're at your desktop on a Sunday
 trying to do some big research project
 for a big purchase you and your wife are about to make.
 And so yes, it will look very different on desktop
 because what you're trying to do is very different.
 The second thing is the principle behind ArcSearch,
 which is these artists formerly known as the web browser,
 the search engine and web pages are archaic ideas
 that should be merged and blended together
 into a new dynamic interface,
 definitely applies on desktop
 and definitely applies on mobile in other ways.
 And an example of that is on desktop,
 one of the features we just launched
 is something we call instant links.
 And instant links, you can type in,
 you can hit new tab and on desktop in Arc,
 type videos of Steve Jobs unveiling the iPhone,
 iPod, Macintosh and iPad and hit enter.
 And Arc will go out and it'll grab a video
 of each of those Steve Jobs unveiling events
 and put it right in your browser.
 You skip the search engine altogether.
 That's the same idea, that's the exact same idea
 but tailored to the thing you were trying to do
 on that device in that moment.
 So that foundational principle,
 if there's a new type of software,
 a browser that browsers for you
 that merges these three things is there.
 I think the final thing on note,
 which I think is more broadly applicable,
 is if you were to really reduce down this phrase AI,
 which also means kind of nothing.
 Correct.
 And you were to reduce down even large language models,
 which also kind of doesn't mean anything.
 Just sounds fancier.
 This sounds really fancy and smart
 but don't ask me what.
 So if you were to reduce AI and LLMs down to their essence
 and explain it to a five year old.
 The thing you would say is,
 for the first time, computers can read.
 And if computers can read,
 then they can understand, truly understand
 what you're asking them.
 And so I think really the underlying principle
 of what Arc is doing with this new category of software
 on mobile and desktop,
 is not actually even the output.
 That's not what's new.
 Yeah, sure, it will be new in that it'll be dynamic
 and it'll look and feel a little different.
 It's the idea that you can go to Arc on mobile or desktop
 and tell Arc what you're looking for
 and what you're trying to do.
 And thanks to these large language models,
 we can understand that for the first time
 and route you to the right place
 and route you to different things in different ways
 that wouldn't have been possible before.
 That's really what's the most different to me.
 And I think people fail to talk about that
 'cause they tend to focus on,
 oh my God, it just wrote me a haiku about computers,
 even though why would I need a haiku about,
 I mean, it is wild, but that is not,
 that's not really what's fundamentally new.
 It's the fact that our computers can read
 and think with us for the first time.
 OpenAI has this product
 or this part of their API called function calling.
 And function callings are remarkable.
 What function calling is able to do
 is it's able to allow us to take an input from a person
 like you saying, what are the best iPhone chargers?
 And then not only understand what you're asking,
 but then based on its understanding,
 route it to specific places and to specific things
 that actually have nothing to do with AI.
 So one of the reasons that people including me
 many months ago were a little bit bearish
 in all this AI hype was I was just seeing
 these blobs of text output and assume that was AI.
 No, no, no, that was just one output.
 But thanks to function calling, you can say,
 okay, if David is asking for videos of Steve Jobs
 unveiling the iPod, iPhone, Macintosh.
 Great, he's looking for these three videos.
 So go to YouTube and grab those videos.
 There's no hallucinating there.
 I mean, again, it's gonna get it wrong.
 It's technology.
 It's as imperfect as we are.
 But that's actually wildly valuable and pretty unreal.
 Why isn't everyone talking about that?
 And it's 'cause we get caught up in these memes
 and these words that just mean everything and nothing to us.
 So function calling, it's where it's at.
 And there'll be more of those in the future.
 - That's super interesting.
 Well, and that's also just like straightforwardly
 the thing that comes after search engines, right?
 Like you're in a certain way, all that's doing
 is taking what would be a Google results page
 with a bunch of ads at the top
 and just skipping all of that.
 It's just saying instead of me having to go say,
 where's this video and then click on the video
 and then watch the video and then save it to my sidebar,
 it's just putting those things in my sidebar.
 Which in a funny way to me is like actually way more
 understandable than a lot of the AI stuff,
 because one of the reactions to all of these things
 is basically like, actually Google's very good
 and it's very good at finding information
 and maybe we don't need to just completely reinvent
 this wheel with chatbots.
 And to a large extent, I'm actually really receptive
 to that argument.
 I think Google is a lot less good than it used to be,
 but it's still, if you wanna find a piece of information
 on the internet, Google's pretty damn good.
 But then the next step after Google alerting you
 to the existence of that information is awful
 and it's because web browsers suck.
 And this is like why I've always thought arc is interesting.
 So you've just sort of backed your way
 towards the search engine
 and now you're just like disintermediating it entirely.
 - I agree.
 I think Google doesn't get enough credit
 for how it's innovated and push search forward
 and how actually wondrous search is.
 And I would push back on the idea
 that Google search gets us what we're looking for
 because if aliens arrive tomorrow
 and they're like, look, I just read this great book,
 God Save Texas by Lawrence Wright
 on the spaceship right over
 and I'm looking for a new book.
 And you went to Google
 and you typed in books similar to God Save Texas
 by Lawrence Wright.
 And then wow, magically so fast,
 Google brought you what you wanted.
 And he's like, oh wow, are those books?
 Well, no, not quite.
 Those are called links and those links.
 Yeah, yeah, click on the link.
 The book's gonna be in there.
 Oh no, so these aren't books either.
 These are listicles and in the listicles are books.
 And then if you click on this other thing, those are books.
 So the truth is that there are these abstractions
 that we forget about,
 but Google doesn't really bring,
 on one hand to make it simple,
 Google brings you what you're asking for
 in the sense that it brings back a bunch of links.
 And on the other hand,
 it doesn't bring you what you're asking for
 and that it makes you stop at Google first.
 And oftentimes the thing you're looking for
 are buried in a bunch of links and a bunch of links behind that.
 And now we have the technology to say,
 let's just go straight to bringing you what you want
 and bring it right to you.
 That's a pretty big idea.
 And that's exactly how a human being wants it to work.
 I agree and disagree with that.
 And I'm glad you put it that way
 because I think one of the fun things
 we're going through right now because of AI
 is trying to figure out which new ideas are better enough
 to be worth unlearning decades worth of habits
 and which aren't.
 Like I think about, I don't know,
 Siri and Google Assistant and Alexa, right?
 And the idea that voice is a much more natural interface
 for asking information than typing on a keyboard.
 Unequivocally true, the tech wasn't very good
 and also people are not used to it.
 And so we all kind of were just like,
 well, it's pretty easy to type on my phone.
 I'll just do that instead.
 I just was interviewing somebody for a future episode
 of the show about keyboard layouts.
 And like, you know what's better than
 QWERTY keyboard layouts is everything else,
 but good luck trying to convince people
 to not use QWERTY keyboards, right?
 So I think that question of can you build something
 that is so much better that it will actually make people
 make real behavioral change versus like,
 no, it's not the most human natural thing in the world
 that we all sort of learned how to type in
 what Google calls QWERTYs.
 But I'm pretty good at it now.
 Like I can get what I want out of Google
 pretty successfully.
 And so, you know, screw the aliens.
 What's it gonna take for me to switch?
 I think is very much the open question.
 And this like path of AI over the next two years,
 I think is really where we're gonna start to see
 where it does and doesn't clear the bar.
 And I think it's gonna be fascinating.
 - I agree with you unless you're a web browser.
 - Okay.
 - And this is exactly why we built a web browser.
 This is exactly why operating systems
 have so much leverage in how we use technology.
 And that if I were to make an AI chatbot app called Chatty,
 and it got really popular and wanted to radically change
 the way we get information,
 you gotta remember to go to that tab.
 And as you said, you have this great muscle memory.
 You know, it may be chatty is better than Google,
 but you have to remember that instead of hitting new tab
 or command T, go to that chatty tab.
 - Yep.
 - That's really hard to your brain.
 - It really is, yeah.
 - It's really hard.
 If in fact, you are the web browser
 and you are the text box that people type into to go to Google,
 you don't need to change your behavior.
 Your behavior actually doesn't happen in Google.
 Google's just a tab too.
 Everyone forgets that.
 It's actually the browser that is your interface
 to the web and is the browser where your muscle memory is.
 And then you might say, yeah,
 well, if you send me to chatty instead of Google,
 I'm still gonna be mad because I wanted Google
 because chatty's not as good at all the searches.
 Well, great.
 Thanks to function calling and thanks to AI,
 we can know if you're asking us something
 that really Google is the best at
 or should we send you to chatty
 or should we not send you anywhere?
 Should we just bring it to you?
 So one of the other features that we're launching
 on Arc for Mac is I hate to admit it,
 I have an alert set up and not even an alert.
 At some regular interval, I go to Google
 and I type news about the browser company
 or news about Arc browser.
 And I do that a lot.
 We have a new feature called Live Folders
 where whenever there's a new press story,
 hopefully written by David Pierce
 and hopefully glowing about Arc,
 it'll just pop up at my sidebar.
 I don't even need to go to search.
 So again, because we're the web browser,
 you don't have to change in grain behavior.
 We're just gonna pop it up right in your sidebar.
 So yes, I think people underestimate
 how ingrained behaviors are
 and how hard it is to get people to change anything
 because at the end of the day,
 they don't really care about technology.
 And that is exactly why we built a web browser.
 Everyone thought we,
 why would you work on a desktop web browser?
 It could not be more boring.
 Well, it's actually in fact,
 because it's so boring that we wanna work on it
 because you happen to use it for eight hours a day.
 And so if you use it for eight hours a day
 and you're all over this rectangle,
 if we place things in this rectangle
 or if we change where you go in the rectangle
 when you type in something,
 that's actually a great place to be
 to change entrenched behavior
 without you having to change anything yourself
 just abstracting that complexity.
 All we're proposing with Arc
 and this idea of a browser that browsers for you
 is that we can then do to Google what Google did to the web,
 Google and all these other applications we use,
 which is, wow, there are now so many web apps open
 and tabs and Google Docs
 and all of these things, it's too much to reason about.
 I have to do 10 search queries
 just to find what I'm looking for.
 It's time for a layer that sits above that,
 which says you tell us what you're trying to do
 and we'll go use the search engines and web apps
 and read the articles for you.
 So that's the other thing that feels so exciting
 is it feels like a natural kind of march of progress
 toward making it your day easier and easier
 until one day you can really just tell Arc
 or whatever software comes next,
 what you're trying to do.
 And it will go figure out what on the internet you want to use.
 - If you're right, two companies come to mind
 that are sort of perfectly set up
 to do the vertically integrated thing you're describing,
 which are Google and Microsoft,
 like they're sitting on the whole tech stack
 more so than you are to do all of the things
 that you just described.
 Google has Google, Google has Chrome,
 Google has Gemini and all of it's like all it has to do
 is like put three project managers in a room together
 and they could start to build something similar
 to what you're describing.
 Microsoft's the same with Bing and all the OpenAI stuff
 and what's to prevent them from doing this too?
 I think there's real energy in the browser space
 because of this for the first time.
 And right now so much of it is just like
 we stick a chat bot in our sidebar
 or some of the little organizational stuff
 like Google just launched a bunch of stuff in Chrome
 that is basically like less interesting feature rips
 of what ArcMax was doing a few months ago.
 But with real energy and resources,
 they could out muscle you in pretty much every direction
 here if they chose to, right?
 You are absolutely right that I view
 a true competition as Microsoft, Google and Apple.
 Sure.
 I actually think Apple is the one
 that is in the best position to do this.
 And they are all trillion dollar companies with everything.
 Of course that is terrifying.
 And of course that is gonna be a big challenge.
 There's this famous story about Google Chrome
 where when you open a new tab, you see the new tab page,
 it shows you a tile of your most frequently visited sites.
 And the way that they used to show those tiles
 were with screenshots, you know, a picture of the webpage.
 And then this PM had this idea.
 You know, it's actually much easier and faster
 to just show the logo of the website
 because people can more quickly identify,
 oh, that tile is Twitter
 than it is to identify the screenshot.
 And that PM was right.
 It made it so much easier for people
 to quickly find what they were looking for
 by clicking on one of those tiles.
 There was a major freak out at Google
 because overnight ad revenue,
 search ad revenue dropped by 5%,
 which is a huge deal of Google scale, 5%, red alert.
 What happened? What did we change?
 And it turned out that this PM making it easier
 for people to get what they needed faster
 in the web browser tanked Google's global ad revenue
 because when you click on a tile,
 you're not doing a Google search.
 So on paper, do Google and Microsoft have everything it takes?
 Yes.
 Is there a lot of structural challenges
 to big public companies with shareholder pressures?
 Not to hurt the cash cow that is search ads?
 Yes. Sure.
 Can I remember the last time that Google and Microsoft
 invented something wildly new
 that revolutionized a category
 where nothing had come before it?
 No.
 Is this time different?
 Potentially, we're going to pretend
 like we're competing with them in a really big way,
 but I think that we're just going to keep doing our thing
 and hope that they keep loving search ads.
 Fair enough.
 So the reason I would think in that way of thinking
 to be most curious about what Apple is up to
 is that it seems to have a lot of those same capabilities
 and less to lose as a search business, essentially.
 Like Safari, I mean, the whole Google antitrust thing
 makes this very interesting with the Safari ads deal.
 That could get very complicated over time,
 but Apple seems to have a big, very successful,
 very popular browser that makes it a lot less,
 is a lot less important to its future as a company
 than, say, Chrome is to Google.
 I actually think you're putting a little too much emphasis
 on search.
 I think it's one or two levels higher than that.
 What we're really talking about is this idea,
 which by the way is not original to us,
 but the idea is you tell ARK,
 or you tell your interface to your computer
 or the internet, what you're trying to do.
 And then in this new world, it will go use whatever tools
 and any information it needs to do it for you
 and bring it back to you.
 There's almost universal agreement,
 that's how it's going to work.
 And in order for that to work, you need three things.
 First, you need a really rich data set about each individual.
 Everything that's going on their personal life,
 professional life, what they type in text boxes,
 what they read on web pages, the documents
 that matter to their work.
 So you need a unique data set about each individual.
 The second thing you need is you need the ability
 to manipulate all of the tools and the applications
 that people rely on to do what they do
 on their computers and on the internet.
 So definitely you need them to be logged into the apps.
 Sure.
 The third thing that you need is you need an interface
 to your point about behavior change
 that people use all the time, all day, every day.
 They don't need to change anything they do.
 They just keep doing their thing
 and you can then go put the future in those places.
 You need those three things.
 There are only two types of software
 that have those three things.
 The first are operating systems.
 The second are web browsers.
 I promise you there is no way that the future powered by AI
 will exist in anything other than an operating system
 or a web browser.
 So the only thing that keeps me up at night
 are web browser companies and operating system companies
 because I think those are the only two type of companies
 that have a shot at reimaging our interface to the internet.
 So last thing, and this is a question I've been meaning
 to ask you for several weeks now.
 Did you see the rabbit launch at CES,
 this little AI gadget thing?
 I saw that thing and I after talking about a lot of the stuff
 that you and I have been talking about for a while
 and a lot of stuff you've been talking about now,
 I looked at that and I was like, okay,
 if Josh and the browser company had become a hardware company,
 this is roughly what they would have gone after.
 The same idea of like, okay, if the goal is to have these tools
 accomplish something on your behalf,
 instead of building me like a nice web browser
 that I'm in all day, you would have built me
 like a fun teenage engineering gadget
 that I can press a button and talk to all day.
 Does that feel right to you?
 What did you make of what rabbits up to?
 - First of all, I love anyone that dares the dream
 and anyone that just goes for it
 and I love that energy.
 - They are nothing if not going for it, that too.
 - I love anyone that stands up on a metaphorical stage
 and says, I'm excited, I think the future should work like this
 and I'm gonna dedicate my life to doing something
 really bold and different than what we're used to.
 So I have a lot of respect for that.
 I also totally agree that the future is going to work
 like you telling your computer,
 whether it's Ark or Rabbit, what you wanna do
 and it should go do it for you
 and abstract that complexity.
 I think the one place where I personally
 see a slightly different future is,
 I don't want more gadgets in my life.
 I don't want more devices.
 I think the secular trend to the cloud
 and the secular trend toward our stuff,
 our digital stuff being out on a server somewhere,
 whether it's an application or our data,
 is that we can actually kind of free ourselves
 from the machines.
 We can free ourselves from the devices
 because they're everywhere.
 I was on a United flight last night.
 I was like, I'm not sure for the first time
 the seat in front of me could probably run the Vision Pro.
 It's like the computers are going everywhere.
 And so what I'm really excited about is a world
 in which the computer and air quotes that you talk to,
 the place it has all of your data and stuff,
 is not another new box I gotta put somewhere on my body,
 whether that's on my face or in my pocket or another button.
 I gotta remember to press instead of that other button,
 but oh wait, that's not the action button,
 that's the volume and screenshot.
 What I'm really excited about is the idea
 that your computing life just goes with you everywhere
 to every device, but I do think the rabbit
 is fascinating from a vision perspective
 and a boldness perspective.
 And I probably have a lot more in common
 with whoever started that company than I do
 with someone else that I shouldn't name.
 - Fair enough.
 So what you just made me realize is that
 I've been talking about Arc in terms of Chrome
 for a really long time, and I should have been talking
 about it in terms of Chrome OS for a really long time.
 - Internet computer operating system for the web.
 - But what you're describing and one of the things
 you announced last week was this thing,
 was it Arc anywhere, the new syncing service?
 That becomes very important, right?
 Because what you're essentially building me
 is not a piece of software that lives on my computer.
 You're building me a piece of software
 that lives everywhere that I can just sort of tap into
 in whatever way I need to, whenever I need to.
 And all of a sudden, Arc anywhere becomes the thing
 as much as whatever it is on my device becomes the thing.
 - Arc anywhere is the product.
 Arc anywhere is the computer.
 - This all just clicked in my brain as you were talking.
 - This is why we have to talk more.
 It isn't today, I don't want to over promise.
 There's a cross-platform syncing mechanism
 for getting your tabs wherever you need them.
 But right behind you on this recording, you have a TV.
 It looks like a TV sitting up on a little nightstand.
 - It's a piece of crap, never buy a Roku TV, people.
 - Well, one day that piece of crap computer
 in five years will actually be a very powerful computer,
 just like the phone in our pocket
 is a much more powerful computer than it was a decade ago.
 And so the idea of Arc and Arc anywhere
 is that one day when you're sitting on that couch behind you,
 looking at that screen you're looking at,
 which is now as powerful as the iPhone in your pocket,
 you should just be able to toss at a glance
 and authenticate that it's you,
 and then you're in air quotes computer,
 all of your apps and data and conversations and people
 should appear on that screen.
 That is the whole idea of Arc.
 That is the idea of this next wave,
 is that your computer is just an old noun for saying,
 the stuff that matters in your digital life that is yours.
 And that should go with you anywhere on any screen,
 on any device, and the way that you should interface
 with it in the future,
 is not opening seven applications
 and 19 search query tabs and 27 listicles.
 You should just tell the device in your life through Arc,
 here's what I'm trying to do, and it should bring it to you.
 That should be a browser that browses for you,
 or a better tagline, 'cause I don't love that tagline,
 but it feels weird to invent your own noun.
 All right, we gotta take a break,
 and then we're gonna talk Samsung,
 and we're gonna talk Galaxies.
 We'll be right back.
 (upbeat music)
 Support for the Verge has comes from Shopify.
 Sometimes a perfectly good business idea
 can slip between your fingers.
 In 2024 though, there are plenty of good tools out there
 to help make your ideas stick and become something more.
 Shopify is one of those tools.
 Shopify is the global commerce platform
 that helps you sell at every stage of your business.
 Whether you're selling security systems
 or marketing memory modules,
 Shopify has got you covered wherever.
 Whether it's through their all-in-one e-commerce platform
 or their in-person point-of-sale system,
 their AI-powered tool, Shopify Magic,
 is all there to help you out when you need it.
 A ton of brands rely on Shopify to power their e-commerce.
 They're actually behind 10% of all e-commerce in the US.
 You can join brands like Alberts, Rothies, and Brooklynan,
 and millions of other entrepreneurs
 have every size across 175 countries.
 Businesses that grow, grow with Shopify.
 Sign up for $1 per month trial period at Shopify.com/vergecast.
 All lowercase.
 Go to Shopify.com/vergecast now to grow your business.
 No matter what stage you're in,
 Shopify.com/vergecast.
 - Fox Creative.
 - This is advertiser content from NetSuite.
 - I've never worked in media before
 and it's really fun to see deals come through,
 especially when we signed with MKBHD
 and The Waveform Podcast.
 That was one of my favorite shows on YouTube
 and I love that we've partnered with him.
 I'm Christina Ho Rodriguez
 and I am a senior manager
 of revenue accounting at Vox Media.
 At Vox, I'm not so siloed
 in my own revenue accounting department.
 I'm getting to see the big picture
 of what the company is working on.
 In my first year,
 the company went through a really big merger
 with another media company
 and we switched from our old ERP system
 to NetSuite.
 We had to integrate NetSuite really fast.
 It was very user-friendly right out of the box.
 Over the last couple months,
 our team developed a new revenue reporting module
 that makes our reporting much faster, much more automated.
 I have a lot of hope with what we can do
 in the future with NetSuite
 so that we're able to optimize,
 make our team a lot more successful
 and improve our processes.
 We're only as good as our best data
 and NetSuite allows us to see it all.
 Discover the power of NetSuite,
 a leading cloud financial system
 serving more than 37,000 businesses.
 Download NetSuite's popular KPI checklist
 designed to give you consistently excellent performance,
 absolutely free at netsuite.com/verge.
 That's netsuite.com/verge
 to get your own KPI checklist.
 Support for the show comes from Wondery's Business Wars.
 Big Business is a game full of winners and losers
 and sometimes all you can do is sit back and watch
 as Titans of Industry go head to head.
 Business Wars is a podcast that takes a deep dive
 into some of the world's biggest corporate rivalries
 hosted by David Brown,
 former anchor of the Peabody Award
 winning business program, Marketplace.
 This season is the Battle of the Smartwatch,
 Apple versus Samsung.
 Though the Apple Watch is the undisputed bestseller,
 that wasn't always a given.
 In the wake of Steve Jobs' death,
 Samsung was ready to capitalize on Apple's uncertain path
 and beat Apple to market with the first smartwatch.
 Hear the story about how both companies
 fought to sway customers,
 survive PR disasters,
 and ultimately open Pandora's box
 of interactive biometrics and wearable technology.
 Subscribe to Business Wars.
 Find it wherever you get your podcasts
 and listen ad-free on Amazon Music or the Wondery app.
 All right, we're back.
 It's been a couple of weeks now
 since Samsung launched its new devices,
 the Galaxy S24, S24+, and S24 Ultra,
 which means the Verge's Alice in Johnson
 has had time to put all three of those phones
 through their paces, and she's published their reviews.
 They're on the Verge.com,
 put them in the show notes,
 and, like I said, post on the site with all the links you need.
 It's wild to think that it is only the first week of February
 and we might have already seen the best Android phone of 2024,
 but I think that might be the case.
 Samsung, as always, has done some of its usual upgrades here
 with better screens and some design tweaks
 and a little bit of new camera hardware,
 but most of what's new here is AI.
 There is so, so, so much AI in these phones.
 It's nuts, but does it add up to anything?
 Or is it all just another gimmick
 in Samsung's long, long line of phone gimmicks?
 Like I said, Alison has tried it all
 and she's here to answer that for us.
 Hi, Alison.
 - Hello.
 - Welcome out of Samsung Chaos.
 This is very exciting for you.
 - Thank you.
 It was a recent development.
 So I'm happy to be here.
 - This is a tough time because you basically had to take
 three different phones that are the same phone,
 but different phones and try to figure out
 how to make them make sense and also write something
 that is interesting to read about all of them,
 which is a difficult challenge.
 - Yeah, and the same challenge is like most phones lately
 where the updates are just pretty incremental,
 aside from Galaxy AI, which is a whole thing
 that we'll get into, but it's just an interesting dynamic
 looking at it this year.
 Like the ultra has always been the like,
 we're just gonna throw everything in a phone.
 And for the past couple of years, that has been like,
 this is great.
 Like you guys are killing it.
 And then the regular ones, the S and the S+
 just sort of felt like, they're good.
 They're a good alternative.
 If you're like, okay, with Samsung's take on things
 and you want a really good Android phone.
 And that's sort of the case this year,
 but it's like slightly different.
 Okay, we're about to spoil where I was going with all this,
 but I kind of think it's the opposite this year.
 - Oh really?
 - So the ultra is still very much the kitchen sync phone.
 Like it is the Samsung-iest of Samsung phones.
 And I mean that both as a compliment and an insult
 as always with Samsung.
 But to me, I got to the end of all your reviews
 and I was like, okay, for the first time in a few years,
 I actually think the base Galaxy S24
 is the best Galaxy phone for most people right now,
 which I don't feel like has been true for,
 I don't know, at least the last few years.
 I feel like I would have always tried to talk people up.
 And now I'm kind of like, you get almost all the stuff
 in a slightly better size for $799 instead of $1,299
 with the base model, like win for the base model this year.
 - It is, it's a big win for people who like smaller,
 big phones 'cause they're all big.
 - They are all big.
 - Yeah, no, that sums up how I feel about them.
 And I guess I think of like the Ultra
 just always kind of feels like
 it's in its own little atmosphere.
 It's like, what phone do you compare it to
 that has an S Pen and 12 cameras, you know?
 - It's very true.
 - It's kind of always felt to me like,
 you sort of know if that's the thing you want
 and you want all that extra.
 Yeah, what feels different this year is that
 nothing on the Ultra just feels like,
 oh yeah, I totally see why this is worth the extra money
 because it is more money this year.
 It's $1299, which is $100 more than last year.
 And yeah, all of the exciting new features
 like air quotes, that's Samsung's words,
 the AI are on all three phones
 like with no differences in how they perform or any of that.
 In this little phone, the regular S24 just feels like
 a good size and I'm happy it's here.
 - Yeah, so okay, let's talk through this little bit
 because I think the first thing you pointed out to me
 right before we started recording
 is the actual physical object itself,
 which is again, I think that it's sort of carried through
 all three versions of the phone, correct me if I'm wrong.
 But they made this thing what seems to be a little,
 it's a little nicer.
 It's nicer to hold in the hand.
 Samsung has a long history of making
 just the slipperiest phones on the face of the earth.
 And it seems like they saw some of that this time.
 - Yeah, well, Google took that crown away.
 Like that's so slippery.
 - It's the most slippery object.
 It should be studied by scientists.
 I don't understand it.
 Yeah, no, like Samsung, the Ultra still has,
 it has the flat screen this year, which like, yay,
 you have an S pen, you want a flat screen,
 you're like running the pen over the edge, that stinks.
 Still has a little bit of that like note design.
 The S24, the S24+, I'm just gonna say it,
 like they are just straight up iPhones.
 And that's fine.
 Like they have the flat edges.
 The S23 was still kind of a curved edge.
 It still had kind of a,
 I don't wanna call it a Samsung look.
 It had a different look to it.
 It's not like a drastically different change,
 but I find it more comfortable to hold
 when I go to pick it up off of the table.
 It doesn't like fly out of my hands.
 They look great, they feel great.
 And I think like, why reinvent the shape of a phone?
 Just go with what works.
 - I agree.
 I feel like the two things that have always driven me crazy
 about some of these designs are either,
 I'm holding it in my hand and it kind of digs into your palm
 in a way that feels bad.
 Or, and this is really my true slipperiness test.
 I'm holding the phone in my hand
 and I go to put it in my pocket.
 And there have been phones that in the motion
 of like moving it down to put it in my pocket,
 I have just thrown it onto the ground.
 Like I don't even drop it.
 Like I slingshot it out of my hand onto the ground.
 - Yeah, with prejudice, yeah.
 - Right.
 And yeah, and the Pixel is maybe the worst at that in history.
 But that is like the iPhone is,
 they found the right mix of like the flat edges
 and the sort of rounded corners.
 And it just, like it feels like an object in a nice way.
 And I'm glad that Samsung has landed in that same place.
 - Yeah, my Galaxy brain take is that phones
 over the next year are just gonna converge on that design.
 Like the Pixel 9 leaks have the flat edges.
 Like this is fine, let's just do it, let's embrace it.
 We're gonna go there.
 - I think that's for the best honestly.
 - Yeah.
 - It's like there was that phase with laptops
 where everybody was like, what if they did weird stuff
 and they flipped around and moved to the left
 and we just moved the trackpad over here.
 And everybody was like, oh no,
 what if it just looked like a laptop
 and we worried about other things
 and that is the correct answer.
 - Yeah, nobody's like, oh, I wish my refrigerator
 looked cooler and different than other people.
 He was like, you just wanna know where stuff is.
 - 100%.
 So my first question with all Samsung phones
 is how Samsung-y are these Samsung phones?
 And I will say to Samsung's credit, it used to be horrific.
 I used to tell people do not buy a Samsung phone
 because it will torture you with pop-ups
 and duplicate apps and things you will hate.
 And I no longer feel quite that strongly,
 but I still think one UI is a mess in certain ways.
 So how Samsung-y are these phones this year?
 - They're like tolerably Samsung-y.
 There is the like list of stuff I go through
 when I'm setting up a Samsung phone
 and it is much longer than any other phone I use.
 You have to sort the app drawer
 so apps are alphabetical instead of just like nonsense order.
 - Yeah, sounds right.
 - There's 10 million things in the quick menu settings.
 All that is still a reality.
 It's just like, and this is kind of where I keep landing
 with like Pixel versus Samsung
 is that you just kind of have to work for it
 a little harder with the Samsung.
 You put in the work ahead of time,
 you disable the pop-up notification,
 like sell me a new Galaxy S-Series phone.
 Like, I don't need that.
 I'm using the new Galaxy S-Series phone.
 - That was one of your best lines in the review,
 was opening up a Galaxy S24,
 setting it up and getting a pop-up saying,
 "Have you heard about the new Galaxy S24?"
 - Every year.
 - It's like, guys, we're doing something wrong here.
 - Every year, I treasure that pop-up.
 I'm like, "Oh, there it is."
 Yeah, you can disable it.
 It's just, if you don't, it comes for you.
 Yeah, you can get to a place
 where you can just live totally peacefully with it,
 and it has very good things going for it.
 Another iPhone feature that they wisely stole
 is the always-on display that the wallpaper just kind of dims.
 So you see that all the time,
 but you get those widgets too.
 So you have like your little calendar widget
 or the battery indicator,
 or is it gonna rain in the next hour?
 It's like, "I love that.
 "Give me all the information."
 - I think this is the thing about these phones
 that you are most wrong about.
 - No. - But that's okay.
 This is just personal problems.
 I think the iPhone's always-on display is bad
 and just makes me think my phone is on, and that's stupid.
 - You're not alone.
 I hear that a lot.
 I'm gonna die on that hill.
 - It's listen, you know, to each their own,
 you're wrong and so is Samsung, and that's fine.
 And so is Apple.
 I think the Pixel got it right,
 where it's just like, "I wanna know the time,"
 and like the little thing where the song is playing into that,
 love that, don't need any more than that.
 And just the thing where it kind of seems like
 I turned the brightness all the way down on my phone
 is not an always-on display.
 - And naturally, there's a setting in the Samsung phone.
 You can turn that right off with just the wallpaper part.
 So you can have a normal always-on display.
 But I think that is kind of the basic difference
 between Samsung's philosophy and Google's
 is like on the Pixel, you have at a glance.
 And you don't need to go in and set up a bunch of widgets.
 It's just gonna tell you something on your home screen
 or on the lock screen, like,
 "Hey, you got a calendar appointment coming up,"
 or, "Doesn't always nail it."
 Sometimes I'm like, "Oh, that would've been
 "a useful thing to know."
 But it's just kind of gonna do those things for you.
 And Samsung's like, "Here are 10,000 settings
 "you can mess with and you can get to a place
 "where you get all that."
 - I wish Samsung would dial in the balance
 of the defaults there a little more.
 But I've come to really appreciate over time,
 especially as Google has kind of worked down
 towards giving you less to do.
 Like, part of the reason people like Android
 is because it is so much more customizable.
 And Samsung, too, it's credit is like,
 "Listen, everything there is to do,
 "we are going to give you a way to do."
 And I actually think to some extent
 that's the right approach.
 I wish it made better choices
 about how it initially sets up the phone.
 And I wish there were some things
 that were less duplicative.
 Like, I think you mentioned there are basically
 like three different augmented reality search products
 on this phone.
 Like, that's bad.
 That's just bad user experience.
 But I do appreciate the thing that Samsung is like,
 "Look, do you want there to be 650 things
 "in the settings that you can touch?"
 We have that for you.
 I seriously, I think it's a good thing.
 People like that about Android.
 I think it's the right thing.
 - And they deliver it.
 - Yeah, there should just be a version of Samsung phones
 that is like, when you set it up,
 it's like, "Do you want to do this the easy way
 "or the hard way?"
 - Yeah.
 - And you can pick either one.
 - Like the easy button.
 - Right.
 - So the thing on the Ultra that really jumped out to me,
 I have basically two Ultra specific questions.
 The first is the screen.
 And it seems like of the specs in the whole series,
 the biggest upgrade from the 24 and the 24 plus
 to the 24 Ultra might be this new display.
 Was that your takeaway?
 - If I was putting my money down on these phones,
 that's what I would pay for for the Ultra.
 It has a new Gorilla Glass that is supposedly
 much more scratch resistant.
 I put my phone next to my keys.
 It's bad.
 I always get those little like hairline scratches
 without fail.
 I don't have a single one on the Ultra
 and it's only been, it's a small sample size,
 but so far so good.
 - But you're pretty brutal on phones.
 Like your review period is not easy.
 - Yeah, I don't have a case.
 My kid will touch it.
 He's got like peanut butter on his fingers, the works.
 So yeah, there's that, which is promising.
 And the anti-glare coating,
 which is just, it's a little bit like magic.
 Like it's not like some brand new technology.
 It's just literally an anti-glare coating
 on the phone's screen, but you hold it up
 against another phone outside.
 And the Ultra gets really bright.
 So you have that working for you.
 And it just cuts the glare way down.
 And you can, you sort of prepare yourself
 to like squint at the phone when you look at it outside.
 You're like, oh, I can see this, just fine.
 Like it's almost as good as just in my house.
 - Yeah, that's huge.
 And I think glare is one of those things
 we've all gotten used to on our phones.
 Like I was thinking about this reading your reviews
 that I've gotten used to the thing now
 where you kind of learn how to block the sun
 with your body as you're using your phone.
 And you sort of keep it down here
 and you like lee hunch over it to not have glare.
 But once you don't notice it and like once it's gone,
 that's a huge change.
 And is like, for especially things like taking pictures.
 And if you have to hold it at an angle
 and you're sort of looking down off-axis at your phone,
 like anti-glare is a bigger deal
 than it seems in a lot of ways, I think, which is pretty cool.
 - Yeah, I liked it better than most of the AI features.
 - We're gonna get to those in one second.
 - Yeah, but the other thing that I'm curious about
 with the ultra specifically is this zoom trade-off
 that Samsung made.
 They went from 10X zoom on the lens
 and then it was digital zoom in between.
 So if you wanted it like 5X, it was digital zoom
 to the opposite, right now it's a 5X lens
 but you can digital zoom to 10X.
 I am deeply suspicious of this change
 because digital zoom is a lie that we tell ourselves,
 it's just cropping.
 What did you find is this, was this the right trade?
 - Is this the wrong trade?
 - Well, the slightly less evil version of digital zoom
 is this like actual crop into the middle of the sensor
 that they're doing and that's what's happening now at 10X.
 I was a big fan of the 10X lens.
 I thought it was great, it was so much fun.
 So I was really kind of bummed to see it go
 but the more I kind of sat with it, the more I get it,
 like 5X is more, there's just more utility
 kind of in every day.
 You can kind of take a portrait of someone
 if they're across the room.
 You're not taking a portrait with a 10X lens, like--
 - That's true, 10X is kind of a party trick
 in a way that 5X is like a thing you might do anyway.
 - Exactly.
 - That's interesting.
 - And it's a higher resolution sensor,
 it's actually a little bigger than the old telephoto.
 All these things going for it.
 Samsung is like, so don't worry,
 like the quality at 10X is like actually just fine.
 And that's like kind of true.
 If you don't like, I pixel peep,
 it's kind of a pointless exercise, but I go there
 and I think that detail captures about the same
 but you just see the, for the little tiny lens falls apart,
 you're like, ah, there's a little chromatic aberration.
 It's like, that's in the 1% of like,
 what anybody should care about.
 It is totally fine for just about anything else.
 - And I suppose I can get behind the idea
 that you're trading really good 10X zoom
 and mediocre 5X zoom for really good 5X zoom
 and mediocre 10X zoom.
 In real life, that is probably a decent trade, I suppose.
 - It makes sense.
 - Okay, I just, they said they were like,
 oh, even at 10X it'll look better
 'cause it has more megapixels.
 And I was like, I bet that's a lie.
 - Yeah.
 - And I'm happy to know that it was.
 - Yeah, I wasn't quite.
 - Just makes it look better.
 - Yeah.
 - So, okay, let's talk about the AI stuff
 'cause I think that's kind of the point of these phones, right?
 And I think my sense of your review was basically,
 there's a ton of AI stuff here.
 You tested a lot of it,
 but I'm curious, like for you, not as a phone reviewer,
 but just as like a person who has a phone,
 what if these AI features feels like it would actually
 be a thing you would use in everyday life
 and leave the camera out?
 We'll come back to the camera in a sec.
 - Yeah.
 - But if there's the translation on a phone call,
 there's the recorder stuff,
 there's a bunch of other stuff,
 like what feels like it actually could insert itself
 into your life?
 - The thing I see them as the most useful
 that I don't currently have a use for it,
 but it's kind of nice to know is there
 is the translation stuff.
 So that's where you call someone
 and you can turn on this live translator
 and it'll just, you talk and it speaks for you
 and the other person and it translates back and forth.
 I call the song our wearables reviewer
 and she speaks Japanese and her take on it was like,
 it gets the gist of it, right?
 If your conversation is like kind of transactional
 or you're like, I need to make a reservation
 or whatever. - Sure.
 - It's gonna do those things fine.
 She tried to tell me her cat was eating her chair
 and it said that she was eating the chair.
 It was confusing. (laughs)
 Very funny.
 But I think that's kind of where a lot of these AI features are.
 You're like, it's actually more useful than not
 to have that there as long as you're not relying on it
 as like, yeah, this is gonna perfectly translate,
 you know, whatever I wanna say to this other person
 or you're not expecting like,
 I want you to summarize a page of notes
 and you're just gonna blindly be like,
 well, my note summary, my AI summary said this
 so it must be true.
 It's just kind of like a good starting point.
 That's where I see it.
 - Yeah, and I think with a lot of this stuff,
 the sort of don't rely on this too much.
 Footnote is a useful one.
 But I think you said at one point I wonder if it was like,
 there's no way in which this is worse than not having it.
 So I'll take it. - Yeah.
 - Which is fair.
 And I think the challenge of some of these phones for me now
 is Samsung wants you to buy these phones for the AI features.
 And Google increasingly wants you to buy these phones
 for the AI features.
 And I think on the camera,
 which we're gonna get to in just a second,
 there are compelling cases to be made there
 that AI is letting you do genuinely cool, new,
 like worth getting this phone over another phone sets of things.
 I don't know that I see any of that here,
 that it's like none of these strike me as a tiebreaker
 over another device, if that makes sense.
 Like, nice to have, you'll probably use them if you're there.
 Like the recorder is a cool thing.
 And I've always loved the pixel recorder,
 but I've never bought a pixel because of the pixel recorder.
 Do you know what I mean?
 Does any of the AI stuff feel like it clears that?
 Like, this is why you would buy this over something else bar.
 - I don't know if we're quite there.
 I think that maybe with a small asterisk for the pixel
 on the like face swap stuff,
 which we all have, you know, feelings about.
 But that's the one that people I talk to who are like not online,
 you know, are like, oh, I saw this pixel phone does this thing.
 I'm like, yeah, actually it's really useful
 and like people see the utility for it.
 Yeah, there's a lot of AI, like camera and non-camera
 that I just sort of feel like, is this helping it?
 Like, is anyone going to use this?
 Like the, especially the chat assist stuff where it's like,
 I'll write something, but you know, put some emoji in it
 or make it sound professional or casual.
 Like, I'll like write a text and think to myself,
 like, should I use this?
 I'm like, no, I have no reason to try it.
 But the photo stuff is interesting.
 I think it's at a place where it's a little more compelling
 to people and Samsung's take on generative AI photo editing
 is interesting.
 - Yeah, how comparing contrast it a bit to what the pixel is doing
 because the underlying models are mostly Googles, right?
 So in theory, it's dealing with the same underlying technology,
 but what is Samsung doing differently
 from what we've seen on the pixels?
 - Yeah, so you kind of have the interface for the tools
 and they're like very similar.
 You go into this separate kind of editing pane
 of like you're doing AI and you can select an object
 and move it or erase it.
 That's kind of the same on pixel and Samsung.
 - I will say though, by the way, for anyone who has not yet read
 Allison's review of the S24 and S24+, the funniest thing
 in that whole review is a picture that you took.
 I think what of your husband's arm draped over a couch
 that you tried to remove?
 What happened when you tried to remove this?
 - So yeah, I selected it and I hit, you know,
 take it out of the scene.
 I did this on the pixel in the Samsung
 and the pixel just kind of tried to like fill in the background.
 It was like, there's a couch here.
 Samsung was like, you want a new arm made out of pillows.
 It was like the creepiest freaking thing I've ever seen.
 And it's so cursed and it's now on the website.
 It's on the verge.com forever.
 - That's good stuff.
 That's what we're here for.
 But anyway, I had to rail it.
 You start to keep going.
 - Yeah, no, that kind of sums it up because like,
 I think the pixel in like what it'll actually generate
 and they are running on same Google models,
 the pixels a little more prone to be like,
 okay, you want to fill in the background here.
 It doesn't always look super great.
 Sometimes it's really good.
 Sometimes it's not, but the Samsung phone for whatever reason
 is very eager to just like throw something else in there.
 - It's such Samsung energy.
 I love it.
 - It really is.
 Yeah, like you, I selected a lamp on a table
 and I tried to take out and it put a different lamp in.
 Like that's not what I wanted at all.
 - It's like, what's behind this?
 Another lamp?
 Probably, let's see.
 - Just infinite lamps, like, it's so strange.
 Yeah, it's Samsung energy.
 The one we talked a bunch about on the virtual house
 when this launched was the ability to take any video
 and make it into a slow motion video.
 And Neil, I got like very honest feelings
 about how this is creating frames that don't exist.
 What was your experience of actually using this thing
 in life?
 How did it feel?
 - So I don't quite have the same philosophical hang up with it.
 I'm like, okay, sure, this is fine.
 I can slow down a video of my kid on his swing.
 - I think that's where most people are.
 - It's great.
 - Based on the emails we got after that episode,
 I think most people agree with you.
 - All right, that's the consensus.
 Yeah, so when we tried it out just initially
 in the kind of product demo time,
 both V, Varen and I were like,
 this is really impressive.
 Like it looks pretty convincing.
 And then you kind of throw more complexity at it
 and it falls apart a little bit.
 You can see where it's like,
 and things sort of like jerky.
 And the one I did was like my kid on a swing.
 And you know, he pulls him back and lets him go.
 And it's like so cute.
 And he's just like overjoyed.
 But then he's like the chains of the swing
 are just kind of like flickering in and out of existence.
 - Interesting.
 - Yeah, and like it's trying to decide
 what the mulch on the playground should look like
 in every one of those frames where it doesn't exist.
 So it just kind of like looks real warped
 and kind of it's a little distracting.
 - It makes the mulch looks like it's moving,
 looking at the video.
 Like have you ever seen the thing where there's,
 there's just like a billion ants altogether.
 It looks like sort of a solid thing,
 but it's just like churning.
 That's what it makes the mulch look like.
 It's a little unsettling, honestly.
 - It is, yeah.
 It's like take something very cute and fun
 and makes it just a little like cursed.
 - Yeah.
 The one AI thing I forgot to ask you about
 was the circle to search thing.
 And this is something that is not technically
 a Samsung only feature.
 It's also on the Pixel now and it's kind of,
 you can like hack your way into something very similar
 just using Google's overall multi-search stuff.
 But I think this is very cool.
 And strikes me as the kind of thing in general
 that is like just a good feature.
 It's also a good reason to have an S Pen,
 like yay for the Ultra.
 - Yeah.
 - But you've tested this a bunch.
 I have not been able to use it at all.
 What's been the verdict on circle to search?
 - Yeah.
 I think it's something that I'm gonna miss
 when I don't have it.
 It's not like you're constantly,
 I'm like, oh, I'm gonna circle everything,
 search it in this Instagram post.
 But when you do need it
 and you kind of have to unlearn
 the old way of doing things.
 Like I was texting with a friend
 and they mentioned the name of the restaurant
 where you're gonna meet at.
 And my instinct was like, go open Google Maps
 and type it in and search it.
 And I had to backtrack.
 I was like, no, no, no, I can,
 I can just like highlight this in it.
 You know, you don't have to leave the app.
 You're in just pops up with your everything
 you weren't gonna look for in Google Maps.
 Yeah, I'm like, oh, this is how we should have been using
 our phones.
 This feels so much more intuitive.
 And I think I'm gonna miss it when it's not an option.
 Yeah, it's the kind of thing that seems weird
 until you do it about four times.
 And then it's like, oh, this makes sense.
 Yeah.
 It is insane that I have to copy text in a text message,
 close this app, open another app,
 go to the search bar, type on that and hit search
 just to get the map for the direction
 that this person sent me.
 Like that's a bad user experience
 that we're just all used to.
 Like this is the thing about AI in general
 that I think is kind of exciting.
 It's just finding ways to shortcut all of that stuff
 because it can start to figure out,
 oh, this is an address.
 There's really only one thing you wanna do with an address.
 Let's just do that for you.
 I think that's very cool.
 Yeah, like don't write me an email,
 like Shakespeare wrote it, just like,
 give me those shortcuts.
 Yeah, totally.
 Do the groundwork for me, please.
 Exactly.
 Okay, last thing.
 And then I'm gonna let you go.
 One of the big promises Samsung made here
 is seven years of software support,
 which I think in the abstract is very cool.
 Google also said seven years, right?
 So that's, this is now like the gold standard.
 I think that's very cool.
 Is it realistic if I'm buying an S24
 to assume that I'm still going to want this phone
 in seven years?
 Like the big spec missing for me is the Q2 charging,
 which I think is whatever, seven years from now,
 you'll probably want better wireless charging
 than this phone gives you.
 But even looking past that, like,
 is it realistic for this phone or really any phone
 to say I am feasibly going to keep this thing
 and it's gonna be useful to me for seven years?
 For the vast majority of people,
 they're gonna be trading in their phone before that,
 especially with the ultra sort of feels like people
 who buy that phone are on a quicker upgrade cycle
 'cause they want the next big thing with all the stuff.
 Yeah, the Venn diagram of S Pen users
 and people who only upgrade every seven years,
 I don't think is huge.
 Not a big one there.
 But, you know, I look at like my parents
 or like bless his heart, my husband with his iPhone XR.
 Yeah.
 They just wanna not shop for a phone.
 They're like, I hate that.
 I don't wanna deal with Verizon
 doing a whole bunch of things, Jedi mind tricks.
 Like, I just want my phone
 and I wanted to work for a long time.
 And I think that's fair.
 I think Samsung has a good track record in that respect.
 They've sort of been pushing forward with more years of support
 and they were doing better than Google for a hot second,
 but Google caught wise.
 So I'm glad to see it.
 I think it's probably gonna make a difference
 for a minority, but I think it's important.
 Yeah, and I guess I do like the idea
 that you should be able to decide to upgrade your phone
 before your phone forces you to upgrade it.
 Right.
 I think that's a good thing.
 And I think seven years is probably two years longer
 than even most sort of normal people will keep their phones.
 Partly just because of like battery health, right?
 Like it's just gonna get to the point
 where your phone doesn't charge for very long anymore.
 But yeah, then at least I'm in a position
 where I get to say I want a new phone
 rather than my phone being like, I'm dead.
 Exactly. Get a new phone.
 Yeah.
 So S24, Samsung usually is like the default Android phone.
 Does it stay there this year, do you think?
 Like is this the phone of 2024 in the Android world?
 I think so.
 And when I reviewed the Pixel 8 and the 8 Pro,
 I was really impressed and I was kind of like,
 Samsung's gonna have to really come up with something.
 And I think they did.
 There's an asterisk, if Samsung software
 is very unappealing to you,
 you just want something a little more turnkey.
 You don't ever wanna think about whether Bixby exists or not.
 The Pixel is a great option.
 And there are things I think that are compelling about it.
 If you do like the face swap, that's there for you.
 The way the Assistant processes natural language
 is a little better than on the Assistant,
 on the Samsung Galaxy phones.
 So there are still reasons to look at the Pixel.
 But I think, yeah, I think Samsung keeps the crown.
 Fair enough.
 All right, we're gonna do this many more times,
 but especially I'm gonna play you that clip
 when we do the Pixel 9 whenever that comes out this year.
 And we're gonna see how it holds out.
 But I appreciate it.
 Thanks Allison.
 Thank you.
 All right, we gotta take one more break,
 and then we'll be back to answer a question
 for the Vergecast hotline.
 We'll be right back.
 Support for this show comes from Constant Contact.
 When you're trying to promote your business,
 there's a lot of noise to cut through.
 How do you stand out and connect with customers
 when everyone is fighting for attention?
 Easy, Constant Contact.
 Constant Contact's award-winning marketing platform
 has helped millions of small businesses stand out.
 Stay top of mind and see results fast.
 With tools like email, SMS marketing,
 social media posting, and events management,
 Constant Contact makes it easier
 than ever to promote your business.
 Don't know much about marketing?
 No sweat.
 Constant Contact's writing assistance tools
 and automation features can help you say the right thing
 at the right time, every time.
 And if you're having any trouble,
 Constant Contact provides expert live customer service
 to help you out.
 Plus, if you aren't satisfied,
 everything is backed by their 30-day money-back guarantee.
 So get going and start growing your business today
 with a free trial at constantcontact.com.
 Just go to constantcontact.com.
 Constant Contact, helping the small stand tall,
 constantcontact.com.
 - Hi, we're visible.
 Ringing in 2024 with a two-years resolution
 to help you save on wireless.
 Get one line with unlimited 5G data on Verizon's network,
 just $20 a month for 24 whole months
 with no annual contracts.
 That's 20 for 24 in 2024.
 Yep, we're pretty proud of that.
 Your gym goals, you're on your own.
 A two-years resolution to save on wireless, we got you.
 Switch and save at visible.com.
 Use code visible24.
 Hurry, ends January 31st.
 New members only.
 Promotional rate with service on the Visible Plan.
 For additional terms and network management practices,
 see visible.com.
 - Wow, that guy means business.
 - Just an amazing player.
 - No, not him, the sports photographer, behind him.
 - Uh, what?
 - He has a business bank account with QuickBooks Money,
 where he earns 5% annual percentage yields.
 So he's scoring big on and off the field.
 You might even say he's the MVB.
 - MVB?
 - The most valuable business.
 - Making your money work harder.
 That's how you business differently.
 Intuit QuickBooks.
 Banking services provided by Green Dot Bank.
 Member FDIC, only funds and envelopes are an APY.
 APY can change at any time.
 (upbeat music)
 - Welcome back.
 Let's get to the hotline.
 As always, the number is 866-Verge-1-1.
 And the email is vergcast@theverge.com.
 We love all of your questions.
 It's been so fun hearing about everybody's Vision Pro
 experiences.
 And we're gonna try to keep putting that stuff on the show
 as much as we can.
 We don't wanna overload you with Vision Pro stuff,
 but we think this thing is fascinating.
 This week, surprise, we have a Vision Pro question.
 We're gonna get to a bunch more of these,
 like I said, including your experiences,
 which I loved hearing about on Friday.
 But I thought this one was interesting
 and actually made me think a lot.
 It comes from Dan, I think.
 Maybe Stan, I think it's Dan.
 Either way, if I got your name wrong, I'm sorry.
 Here it is.
 - Hey there, this is Dan from San Francisco.
 I got a Vision Pro icon in my iPhone camera app today.
 And I think that it wants me to start shooting
 in spatial video.
 Should I do that?
 Even though I might not buy a Vision Pro ever.
 Can I shoot everything in spatial Pro already?
 Or should I wait and shoot normal video now only?
 Help me out, thank you.
 - Okay, so I've gone back and forth on this question a bunch
 since I first heard it.
 And I think the answer is no.
 I think at this point,
 if you have no particular intention of getting a headset,
 the answer's kind of no.
 Spatial video has some really neat stuff going on,
 especially the way it's integrated with the headset.
 If you just shoot it on your iPhone,
 you're kind of just capturing 3D video.
 And that's all well and good.
 The Vision Pro has that neat way of presenting it
 where it has those kind of misty borders around it.
 So it looks a little like you're looking through a portal
 rather than just looking at a video.
 But the other thing about the Vision Pro is that
 actually it's a great way to just watch regular video.
 And you can get 4K video off of the iPhone.
 You can't get 4K spatial video.
 Spatial video is huge.
 It's about twice the size of a normal 1080p video.
 So I think at this point,
 if you're not anticipating getting this soon,
 if you wanna use spatial video
 as like the second thing you shoot, right?
 You're like, I'm gonna take a video
 on my kids baseball game, take the regular video first
 and take it in the highest quality you can,
 and then go back and get the spatial video.
 It's a fun sort of neat thing,
 but I wouldn't treat that as your main media capture situation.
 That said, I do think spatial video is coming
 in the sense that I think everyone agrees
 that this is a format that is going to be around
 for a long time.
 Meta is now supporting spatial video on the Quest headsets.
 Apple is obviously all in on the Vision Pro,
 both as a capture thing for a spatial video
 and as a way to watch it back.
 I think this format is real,
 so it's a fun thing to start playing around with.
 I don't think it's like the 3D video of eight years ago
 that kind of went nowhere
 and now you don't really even have a way to play it.
 I don't think spatial video is going to die,
 but I also don't think it's gonna be
 the main way you consume media anytime, particularly soon,
 especially if you're not going to be a headset person.
 So I would say start goofing around with it,
 have some fun, but don't feel the need to switch
 your default settings and start shooting everything
 in spatial because 4K video will do pretty well
 even in a headset.
 All right, that's it for the Vergecast today.
 Thank you to everyone who's on the show
 and thank you as always for listening.
 There's a whole lot more from this conversation
 at the Verge.com.
 We'll put some links in the show notes.
 All the links you need are gonna be on the Verge.com,
 the Verge.com/Vergecast.
 That's where you can find everything.
 And there's tons of news going on,
 Verge.com.
 It's a good website.
 As always, if you have thoughts, questions, feelings,
 or S Pen uses you really wanna tell me about,
 you can always email us at Vergecast@theverge.com
 or call the hotline 866-Verge11.
 Tell us your vision pro experiences,
 tell us which Galaxy phone you bought,
 tell us all of your feelings
 about everything happening in tech right now.
 We do a hotline question on this episode every week,
 which again, is now on Tuesdays, so keep them all coming.
 This show is produced by Andrew Marino,
 Liam James, and Will Poor.
 The Vergecast is a Verge production
 and part of the Vox Media podcast network.
 Neil I. Alex and I will be back on Friday
 to talk about Google chaos,
 all the AI stuff going on, and lots more.
 We'll see you then.
 Rock and roll.
 (upbeat music)
 - Hi, we're visible.
 Ringing in 2024 with a two years resolution
 to help you save on wireless.
 Get one line with unlimited 5G data on Verizon's network,
 just $20 a month for 24 whole months
 with no annual contracts.
 That's 20 for 24 in 2024.
 Yep, we're pretty proud of that.
 Your gym goals, you're on your own.
 A two years resolution to save on wireless, we got you.
 Switch and save at visible.com.
 Use code visible24.
 Hurry, ends January 31st.
 New members only, promotional rate with service
 on the visible plan.
 For additional terms and network management practices,
 see visible.com.
 - The era of automotive advances
 with the all electric pull star two.
 Now with faster charging, improved EPA estimated range
 of up to 320 miles and advanced safety technology.
 Experience awe-inspiring performance
 combined with luxury design as standard.
 The time is now the all electric pull star two.
 Book a test drive in order today at pullstar.com.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
